<!-- AUTO-GENERATED by scripts/gen-docs.ts. Do not edit by hand. -->
<!-- Run `npm run docs` to regenerate after refreshing specs. -->

# Crawler

**Slug:** `crawler` · **Version:** `2021-03` · **Tools:** 12

A crawler allows you to retrieve a full list of assets contained in a connection, in a single operation. Manage crawlers to retrieve data at a large scale and enrich your inventory more efficiently.

[← Back to API index](./README.md)

## Tools by tag

- [ConnectionScan](#connectionscan) (2)
- [Crawler](#crawler) (10)

## ConnectionScan

### `crawler__getApiV1ScanConnectionid`

```
GET /connections/scan/{connectionId}
```

Retrieve the result of the last scan

This endpoint allows you to retrieve the tables and views held by a connection based on the last connection scan. It can only be done if you have previously scanned the JDBC connection by calling this endpoint with the POST method. Once the scan is done, you can call the GET endpoint in order to get the result. If the connection has changed (for example new tables/views have been added), then you must call a POST scan in order to refresh the state.

**Parameters**

| Name | In | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `connectionId` | path | `string` | yes |  |
| `talendVersion` | query | `"2021-03"` | no |  |
| `talend-version` | header | `"2021-03"` | no |  |


### `crawler__postApiV1ScanConnectionid`

```
POST /connections/scan/{connectionId}
```

Scan a JDBC connection

This endpoint allows you to scan the content of a JDBC connection. The scan will search for all the tables and views that are held by this connection. However, the tables and views found by this scan are not returned in the response payload. In order to get them, you need to call this endpoint with the GET method.

**Parameters**

| Name | In | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `connectionId` | path | `string` | yes |  |
| `talendVersion` | query | `"2021-03"` | no |  |
| `talend-version` | header | `"2021-03"` | no |  |


## Crawler

### `crawler__deleteApiV1CrawlersCrawlerid`

```
DELETE /connections/crawlers/{crawlerId}
```

Delete a crawler

Use this method to delete a crawler.
Because you can only have one crawler at a time on a JDBC connection, you may need to delete a crawler in order to create a new one.
You can also edit an existing crawler and make some modifications.
Deleting a crawler doesn't physically remove it unless this crawler has no more related datasets. You can still find it with the endpoint that lists all the crawlers by including the deleted crawlers in the search.

**Parameters**

| Name | In | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `crawlerId` | path | `string` | yes |  |
| `talendVersion` | query | `"2021-03"` | no |  |
| `talend-version` | header | `"2021-03"` | no |  |


### `crawler__getApiV1Crawlers`

```
GET /connections/crawlers
```

Retrieve all the crawlers of a tenant

This endpoint lets you retrieve all the crawlers of a tenant.
You can also include the crawlers that have been deleted by activating the dedicated option.
You can retrieve the crawler only from a connection by indicating the connection ID.

**Parameters**

| Name | In | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `limit` | query | `integer` | no | not used |
| `offset` | query | `integer` | no | not used |
| `talendVersion` | query | `"2021-03"` | no | default version of the API |
| `includeDeleted` | query | `boolean` | no | if true, it will also returns the crawlers that have been deleted. |
| `connectionId` | query | `string` | no | Use this option if you want to retrieve the crawler linked to a connection |
| `talend-version` | header | `"2021-03"` | no | default version of the API |


### `crawler__getApiV1CrawlersCrawlerid`

```
GET /connections/crawlers/{crawlerId}
```

Get a crawler by its ID

Retrieve a crawler using its ID.
The response payload contains the crawler itself.

**Parameters**

| Name | In | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `crawlerId` | path | `string` | yes |  |
| `talendVersion` | query | `"2021-03"` | no |  |
| `includeDeleted` | query | `boolean` | no | if true, it will also returns the crawlers that have been deleted. |
| `talend-version` | header | `"2021-03"` | no |  |


### `crawler__getApiV1CrawlersCrawleridDatasets`

```
GET /connections/crawlers/{crawlerId}/datasets
```

Retrieve all the statuses of the datasets related to a crawler

This endpoint allows you to retrieve the statuses of all the datasets related to a crawler.

**Parameters**

| Name | In | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `crawlerId` | path | `string` | yes |  |
| `limit` | query | `integer` | no |  |
| `offset` | query | `integer` | no |  |
| `talendVersion` | query | `"2021-03"` | no |  |
| `talend-version` | header | `"2021-03"` | no |  |


### `crawler__getApiV1CrawlersCrawleridErrors_log`

```
GET /connections/crawlers/{crawlerId}/errors.log
```

Get the error log file

This endpoint allows you to retrieve the error log file of a crawler run. Even if your crawler ends successfully, some samples may have not been fetched, so you might want to know the technical reasons by downloading the error logs.

**Parameters**

| Name | In | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `crawlerId` | path | `string` | yes |  |
| `talendVersion` | query | `"2021-03"` | no |  |
| `talend-version` | header | `"2021-03"` | no |  |


### `crawler__patchApiV1CrawlersCrawlerid`

```
PATCH /connections/crawlers/{crawlerId}
```

Update the name and description of a crawler

This endpoint allows you to update the name and the description of a crawler.

**Parameters**

| Name | In | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `crawlerId` | path | `string` | yes |  |
| `talendVersion` | query | `"2021-03"` | no |  |
| `talend-version` | header | `"2021-03"` | no |  |

**Request body** (`application/json`): `PatchCrawlerRequest`. Schema: `PatchCrawlerRequest`.


### `crawler__postApiV1Crawlers`

```
POST /connections/crawlers
```

Create a new crawler

At this time, a crawler can only be created on a JDBC connection.
You can only have one active crawler per connection. An active crawler is a crawler that has not been deleted.
When the user runs the crawler, datasets from the tables and views of the JDBC connection will be created.

Known limitations:

**Max objects limit** : We recommend selecting less than 1000 tables/views. Beyond this limit, you may encounter issues when launching the run endpoint.

**Max datasets limit**: The maximum number of datasets a user can have is 1500. Beyond this limit, you may encounter timeouts when calling the dataset endpoint that list them all for a user. In consequence, when configuring a crawler, it is important to ensure that you will not exceed this limit after the crawler has run.

**Parameters**

| Name | In | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `talendVersion` | query | `"2021-03"` | no |  |
| `talend-version` | header | `"2021-03"` | no |  |

**Request body** (`application/json`): `CreateCrawlerRequest`. Schema: `CreateCrawlerRequest`.


### `crawler__postApiV1CrawlersCrawleridEnd`

```
POST /connections/crawlers/{crawlerId}/end
```

End a crawler while it is running

This endpoint allows you to stop a crawler while it is running.
After launching a crawler, the run can take up to a few hours to complete, according the number of objects you selected.
You may want to stop the run for many reasons, for instance if you notice that the crawler was created on the wrong connection.

Stopping a crawler does not mean cancelling the crawler.
The datasets that have already been created will not be deleted.
If you want to clean them, you can use the faceted search to retrieve the datasets created by a crawler and delete them.

**Parameters**

| Name | In | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `crawlerId` | path | `string` | yes |  |
| `talendVersion` | query | `"2021-03"` | no |  |
| `talend-version` | header | `"2021-03"` | no |  |


### `crawler__postApiV1CrawlersCrawleridRun`

```
POST /connections/crawlers/{crawlerId}/run
```

Run a crawler

This endpoint allows you to start the crawler.
When calling this endpoint, the crawler will rely on its configuration in order to retrieve all the selected tables and views and turn them into datasets.
Once the dataset will be created the crawler will also retrieve their samples.

You can launch the crawler as many time as you want.
Running a crawler once will create the datasets. Running a crawler again will only refresh the sample of the existing datasets.

Known limitations:

**Max objects limit** : We recommend selecting less than 1000 tables/views. Beyond this limit, you may encounter issues when launching the run endpoint.

**Max datasets limit**: The maximum number of datasets a user can have is 1500. Beyond this limit, you may encounter timeouts when calling the dataset endpoint that list them all for a user. In consequence, when configuring a crawler, it is important to ensure that you will not exceed this limit after the crawler has run.

**Parameters**

| Name | In | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `crawlerId` | path | `string` | yes |  |
| `talendVersion` | query | `"2021-03"` | no |  |
| `talend-version` | header | `"2021-03"` | no |  |


### `crawler__putApiV1CrawlersCrawlerid`

```
PUT /connections/crawlers/{crawlerId}
```

Update the tables and views selection of an existing crawler

This endpoint allows you to add and remove some tables or views from the crawler configuration.

**Parameters**

| Name | In | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `crawlerId` | path | `string` | yes |  |
| `talendVersion` | query | `"2021-03"` | no |  |
| `talend-version` | header | `"2021-03"` | no |  |

**Request body** (`application/json`): `UpdateCrawlerRequest`. Schema: `UpdateCrawlerRequest`.

